hello guys this is Nick with phone Alena
doing a hands-on with the Samsung Galaxy
s4 flip cover this is a genuine Samsung
Galaxy s4 accessory meant to protect the
front side of the smartphone against
damage all the while retaining the stock
look and feel of the device to a great
extent think of it as a stock galaxy s4
back cover with a flip cover attached
firmly to it you put it on by taking off
the original back cover just like this
and on its place you snap the back cover
just like this the accessory snaps
firmly in place in fact that snap is so
tight that you can rest assured that
this accessory is never going to come
off by accident since the flip covers
backplate is identical to the stock
cover the back side of the galaxy s4 is
not altered visually in any way which is
something we quite like it is been made
of the same glossy plastic which sure
looks nice with its diamond-like pattern
and on top of all that it's highly
resistant to fingerprints we did notice
however that the backside of the case is
slightly thicker but that's a difference
that's unlikely to bother anyone while
we do like the flap a flip cover for its
textured surface we're somewhat annoyed
by the fact that when it's closed it
doesn't want to leave flat in place it
would be nice if there were a couple of
magnets here to hold it closed another
thing that bothers us is that when the
smartphone is in use and the flip cover
is folded around the back it is
difficult to operate the volume rocker
on the side but what worries us the most
is that although we've been using this
accessory for like a couple of days now
traces of wear are already visible right
here on the side where the flip cover
bends and that's something we weren't
expecting to see on a genuine accessory
so all in all the official samsung
galaxy s4 flip cover is a great product
but it's not quite perfect on one hand
we like it because it's very thin very
good-looking and provide some basic
level of protection for the galaxy s
or without adding extra book to the
device however the quality of the
material that the flip cover is made of
leaves something to be desired in case
we want to get one of these
the official Samsung Galaxy S 4 flip
cover cost $35 in the US or 32 euro
across Europe thank you for watching our
hands-on of the official Samsung Galaxy
S 4 flip cover this is Nick to learn
more about the Samsung Galaxy S 4 just
visit our website phone arena comm